Update the instruction on how to add a new topic to the UI (#204)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/add-new-component-docs.md

```

This example builds the `example-two-docs` image from the `kyma/docs/test/example` directory.

> >**NOTE:** You must update the `docs-job.yaml` file in a separate pull request, after you update two other files and merge your changes to the `master` branch. Only then, `docs-job.yaml` will push the existing docs images to Minio and the documentation will appear on UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** You must update the `docs-job.yaml` file in a separate pull request after you update two other files and merge your changes to the `master` branch. Only then, `docs-job.yaml` pushes the existing docs images to Minio and the documentation appears on the Console UI.
```
